Stop it all! Who is stopping? Just say it!
Doesn't it mean that looking at this shabby boy makes you feel safe and happy?
What? After being bullied like this, can you really just feed yourself?
Well, that sucks!
My daughter Si Ben is here to settle accounts with him. She only looks to me and is not afraid!
No, he promised to break up with you and there will be no contact from now on!
Huangta wins, do you agree?
I will never break up with Noxue
Would you rather be beaten to death by these people?
Even if you die
I won’t help you go to Nuoxue either.
Did you hear it?
It's not that I won't help him
It's better for him to commit suicide
I promise you as long as you are willing to help him
I'll take you home
Because I won’t let him see her again, Xiao Ju, forget it.
My dad is right
You just have to untie the rags
They can't give me safe happiness. Save me.